for this attachment give scores based on below instruction. please share reason for marks deduction and improvement advice. for full score given, please suggest any better approach if possible.

1.1 Innovation & creativity (Out of 15)
if Learner has built multiple layers for end-to-end user interaction
scoring criteria : (For BYOP) Award 100% marks if the learner has built all 3 layers: user interaction (for greeting & intent capture), functionality (for performing an external function), and response generation (from the output of the functionality layer). Award 50% marks if the learner has integrated only 2 layers (e.g., user interaction & functionality). Else, award 0%. (For Shopassist 2.0) Award 100% marks if the learner has added function calling api to the model with detailed description function description Award 50% marks if the learner has added function calling api to the model but not added any detailed function description Else, award 0%.

1.2 Chatbot Evaluation (Out of 15)
Learner has added evaluation for all the layers in the chatbot
Scoring criteria : (For BYOP) Award 100% marks if the learner has added evaluation to validate the responses for all 3 layers. Award 50% marks if the learner has added evaluation for only 2 layers (e.g., user interaction & functionality). Else, award 0%. (For Shopassist 2.0) Award 100% marks if the learner has modified system message of the intent clarity layer accordingly. NOTE: If it is successfully integrated there is no need for any other layer Else 0%

2.1 Quality of Chatbot (Out of 20)
The learner has integrated all the layers through a dialogue management system
Scoring criteria : (For BYOP) Award 100% marks if the learner has built the dialogue management system to manage all the 3 layers and handle exceptions Award 50% marks if the learner has built the dialogue management system to manage all the 3 layers only else 0% (For Shopassist 2.0) Award 100% marks if the learner has updated the dialogue management system to incorporate the new approach and handle exceptions Award 50% marks if the learner has built the dialogue management system to incorporate the new approach only Else 0%

2.2 Efficiency of code (Out of 10)

2.3 Effective interaction with external tools or APIs. (Out of 10)

3.1 Seamless user-friendliness & interaction (Out of 15)

