for this attachment give scores based on below instruction. please share one liner reason for marks deduction and improvement advice. please suggest any better approach if possible.

1. Data pipeline

1.1 Data reading
(Out of 5)Defined the path for train and test images
Award 100% marks if the student has defined the paths for both train & test images correctly else 0%

1.2 Dataloader
(Out of 10)Created train & validation dataset from the train directory with a batch size of 32 . Resize your images to 180*180.
Award 100% marks if the student has correctly created train & validataion dataset from the train directory created earlier. While creating the batch size should be 32 and it should be resized to 180*180. Award 50% marks if the student has only created the dataset without any processinig operations - batch size & resizing else 0%

1.3 Data visualisation
(Out of 5)Visualized one instance of all the nine classes present in the dataset
Award 100% if the learner has visualized one instance of all the nine classes present in the dataset else 0%

1.4 Augmentation
(Out of 10)Chose an appropriate data augmentation strategy to resolve underfitting/overfitting
Award 100% if the student has found the issue of overfitting in the model training and has correctly applied an augmentation strategy to add more images to the entire training dataset. else 0%

1.5 Class Distribution
(Out of 10)Examined the current class distribution in the training dataset
Award 100% if the student has shown the class distribution of the training dataset and has correctly identfied - Which class has the least number of samples? - Which classes dominate the data in terms of the proportionate number of samples? Award 50% if the student has only visualised without any analysis done. else 0%

1.6 Class imbalance handling
(Out of 10) Rectified class imbalances present in the training dataset with Augmentor library
Award 100% if the student has correctly implemented the starter codes to add 500 images to each class using Augmentor library. else 0%


2. Model Building

2.1 Model building on raw dataset

(Out of 15)Created a CNN model, which can accurately detect 9 classes present in the original dataset.
Award 100% if the student has accurately trained a CNN model for 20 epochs on the original training dataset. which are normalized to values between (0,1). Also the student has writen his/her findings after the model fit with evidence of overfitting/underfitting. Award 50 % if the student has build the model on the normalised images only but not provided any findings else 0%

2.2 Model building on augmented dataset

(out 0f 15) Created a CNN model, which can accurately detect 9 classes present in the augmented dataset.
Award 100% if the student has accurately trained a CNN model using dropout layer for 20 epochs on the original training dataset, which are normalized to values between (0,1). Also the student writen his/her findings after the model fit with evidence that the overfitting/underfitting is removed. Award 50 % if the student has build the model on the normalised images only but not provided any findings else 0%

2.3 Model building on rectified dataset

(Out of 15) Created a CNN model, which can accurately detect 9 classes present in the rectified dataset.
Award 100% if the student has accurately trained a CNN model using dropout layer for 30 epochs on the original training dataset. which are normalized to values between (0,1). Also the student has writen his/her findings after the model fit with evidence that the earlier found issues has been resolved. Award 50 % if the student has build the model on the normalised images only but not provided any findings else 0%


3. Coding Guidelines


(Out of 5) The text file should contain should be a GitHub repository link containing 2 files : Python file and a README file
Award 100% marks if there is a GitHub repository link containing a python file and a README.md file. And README.md file contains a brief description of the project. There is no one straightforward description, give 100% if there is a description in a broad sense.


